#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-azure.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via azure-functions-durable
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via azure-mgmt-resource
azure-core==1.29.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-mgmt-core
azure-functions==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-azure.in
    #   azure-functions-durable
azure-functions-durable==1.2.8
    # via -r requirements-azure.in
azure-identity==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-azure.in
azure-mgmt-core==1.4.0
    # via azure-mgmt-resource
azure-mgmt-resource==23.0.1
    # via -r requirements-azure.in
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
furl==2.1.3
    # via azure-functions-durable
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
msal==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   msal-extensions
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   msal-extensions
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-functions-durable
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-functions-durable
    #   msal
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   furl
    #   isodate
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
urllib3==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
